fix(html): add missing properties pages for HTMLProgressElement (#31953)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlprogresselement/position/index.md

---
title: "HTMLProgressElement: position property"
short-title: position
slug: Web/API/HTMLProgressElement/position
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLProgressElement.position
---

{{APIRef("DOM")}}

> The **`HTMLProgressElement.position`** read-only value returns current progress of the {{HTMLElement("progress")}} element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`position`** read-only property of the {{DOMxRef("HTMLProgressElement")}} interface returns current progress of the {{HTMLElement("progress")}} element.
```
